Updates for clean-up (#942)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/supported-cobol-data-types2.md

 Specifies a date by using a PIC 9(7) COMP-3 Packed Decimal value.  
  
 **PIC X**  

>  Specifies a single character in an Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code (EBCDIC) character string. EBCDIC is the native representation for character data on mainframes and IBM System is. Unicode is the native representation for character data on Windows-based platforms.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Specifies a single character in an Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code (EBCDIC) character string. EBCDIC is the native representation for character data on mainframe and IBM System i computers. Unicode is the native representation for character data on Windows-based platforms.  
```
